Okay, so again, our job here is to
rewrite half the first large number.
[LAUGH] These are what
the exercise is gonna look like.
So kind of get a feel for
what we're doing here.
It's what you'll be doing.
And the idea here is that we're gonna
take the x's, we're gonna filter them,
I'm gonna call the first divided
by two and then we return that.
So how do we frame this in terms of box.
Let's do the same as we did before.
We're gonna rename that.
Leave it around for for funsies.
I don't know why, it's easier to watch
if I do it if I just get rid of it, but
please have it up there.
So we'll put the x's in the box.
And you can skip this, you can go
directly to that if you wanted to.
But I'm just gonna start there,
keep a nice clean workflow.
So we're gonna map inside the box.
It's kind of weird to have a map and
then a filter within.
The map because you're probably not
used to seeing that but totally works.
All right, so now we have found
a map again called first and
we'll divide that by two.
Cool.
And then we'll map over this.
And return the answer.
Look at that answer.
So if you haven't noticed we're
capturing variable assignment.
We have to fold it.
Right get it out of the box at the end.
So by capturing variable assignment by
wrangling these variables and kind of
capturing them in these little closures
and getting rid of them right afterwards.
Got nice control flow,
variable syntax, and
we're able to create a composition
exactly the same as composing.
And I could actually, if you want,
I could write the tune from,
we could actually define compose
in terms of box and map, right?
So if I said can const compose is
equal to, takes our f and our g right.
And then we just say box, and
we'll return a function so
right, it takes, it puts the x
in the box and maps f then g.
Or it's actually g then f.
That's pretty sick, right?
We can actually do a compose in
terms of folded out I guess, but
that'll be composed in terms of box.
So, box is strictly more powerful
than compositions function,
but it captures composition.
So you can define it in terms of that.
Sweet.
Does anybody need a hug?
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] All right.
This is where the hardcore
part comes into play,
not the hug the functors.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] Cut myself.